hey guys so today may be doing a holiday
a room tour this was requested a lot
even though I already have a room tour I
just thought I'd do a holiday-themed one
because you guys requested it so yeah
it's not that different from my normal
room tour but a wire and I'm just trying
to like do all the holiday requests that
i get so here's the video ok so here's
my door and I just have the wrapping
paper on it like I said in my last video
and then my doorknob I just had this
little Christmas 25-day thing that I got
black friday shopping and it smells like
cookies so then when you open my room
this is the overview and that's my
sister's cat so I have the space behind
my door and I just keep my purses here
and a bunch of junk below so i'm not
going to show that and then I just have
my um what do you call it cork board and
then my Christmas wish list so yeah and
I will be doing what I get for Christmas
video moving on from there I'll go this
way so right here is my light switch
which is like bedazzled and then I have
this little sign that with like a little
snowman that I actually got from like
the dollar store cuz swag and it just
says Merry Christmas that's that little
area and then right here i have my
closet and my closet has curtains
because yeah I don't even know but these
curtains are from walmart and then up
here i have these little signs that say
live laugh love that I just like got
bored one day and did that and then up
here I have these little Christmas
lights hanging up here because I like it
tically inside my closet is super messy
is just full of like crap and stuff that
I just shove in there in pillows but
basically it's just my sweaters and then
my little makeup table collection thing
and just a bunch of hand sanitizers here
and yeah basically it's just junk and
then right here I keep all my infinity
scarves so that is what is in my closet
so yeah okay then moving on here I have
a mirror here but it's usually not there
because I'm filming right now so yeah
anyway moving on from there down here I
just have like shopping bags
this one is filled with all my leotards
for gymnastics and phone cases in a
random bath and body bag so yeah then i
have my dresser which is i think from
some website aren't even L and then up
here I just have all of my body lotions
um this little tree that I don't know
where it's from but it's cute and I just
have all my body sprays and some chap
sticks and these candles so I have this
rustic retreat one cinnamon spice
mahogany teak wood and then just three
random ones up there I just have this
little pink dog and then I have a sign
that says sweater weather which was from
the fall but you know whatever so that
is my dresser and over here I just have
my curtains you know yeah and then right
here I have my little Christmas tree so
I have my lamp and then this is my
little Christmas table which was in my
holiday decorating video so I just have
my table wrapped with wrapping paper and
then this little tree that is from
walgreens and then I have a little
snowman a random candle that I just put
there and then I let it snow sign and
then I have my little reindeer in there
cuz so cute so that is my little
Christmas thing and then over here is my
bed and a cat is there to see how this
is my bed sale it's just this like
quilted diamond thing all the way around
the headboard is that too and I have
these little Christmas lights up here
they just like look like ribbon but it's
actually lights and I have see AMI well
he's so cute and my bedspread is from
amazon if you were wondering and then i
just have all these pillows right here
which are from walmart and then this
little let it snow pillow from target so
that is my bed moving up from my bed i
have this little chandelier wall sticker
from target and then aside i have my
nightstand the kind of switch this up
but i have two big candles here and this
one is cranberry pear and this is
mahogany teak wood and i have my to fall
candles here in my twisted peppermint
sitting there I have all my lipstick
holder that is from amazon and then i
have my little cup of candy for
christmas and then this lamp is from
walmart yeah then I just have to random
like eos is back there and the first
door of my nightstand is a junk drawers
we're not even going to go into that and
then this one is my candy drawer but it
has a hairbrush in it so I don't even
know but yeah so that's my nightstand
might stand is my mirror and I'm
standing on my bed so I can get this but
yeah oh this is my mirror and it's from
home goods and then I just have these
blue um so this is messed up snowflake
snowflake lights I'm hanging that I got
from a dollar store and they're cute but
they're kind of like lopsided but you
know whatever and then down here I just
have my makeup tin container thing with
some makeup brushes and then my trash
can hey yes so then you're back to my
door oh here's another little overview
yeah so if you're wondering where i got
any of the stuff that's in my room just
comment and i will most likely reply
back in there's that wall and my bed
again yeah so that is basically at my
room yeah it is my room yeah that was
kind of a fastest video but sorry it
wasn't really in detail I don't really
want to go through my drawers and stuff
cuz it just takes too long and you know
if you're wondering where i got any of
the stuff that you saw this video just
comment down below so yeah and also
leave requests for other holiday-ish vo
such that's it and thanks for watching
bye no don't leave me okay